<Version: 1.01>
data/Map002.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map002.json
data/Map003.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map003.json
data/Map004.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map004.json
data/Map005.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map005.json
data/Map006.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map006.json
<End Of Version>


<Version: 1.02>
data/Map007.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map007.json
data/Map008.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map008.json
data/Map009.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map009.json
data/Map010.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map010.json
data/Map011.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map011.json
data/Map012.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map012.json
data/Map013.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map013.json
data/Weapons.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Weapons.json
data/Armors.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Armors.json
data/Enemies.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Enemies.json
data/System.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/System.json
data/Map002.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map002.json
data/Map003.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map003.json
data/Map001.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map001.json
<End Of Version>

<Version: 1.03>
js/plugins/MadeWithMv.js https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/MadeWithMv.js
data/Map011.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map011.json
<End Of Version>


<Version: 1.04>
data/Map001.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map001.json
data/Map006.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map006.json
data/Map003.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map003.json
data/Map009.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map009.json
data/Map010.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map009.json
data/Map013.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map013.json
data/Map015.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map015.json
data/Map007.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map007.json
data/Items.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Items.json
data/Skills.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Skills.json
data/System.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/System.json
data/MapInfos.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/MapInfos.json
<End Of Version>



<Version: 1.05>
data/Map015.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map015.json
data/Map002.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map002.json
<End Of Version>

<Version: 1.06>
data/Map002.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map002.json
data/Map003.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map003.json
data/Map004.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map004.json
data/Map005.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map005.json
data/Map006.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map006.json
data/Map007.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map007.json
data/Map008.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map008.json
data/Map009.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map009.json
data/Map010.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map010.json
data/Map011.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map011.json
data/Map012.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map012.json
data/Map013.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map015.json
data/Actors.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Actors.json
<End Of Version>

<Version: 1.07>
data/Map001.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map001.json
data/Map002.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map002.json
data/Map007.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map007.json
data/Map011.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map011.json
data/Map012.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map012.json
data/Map014.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map014.json
data/Map016.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Map014.json
data/Enemies.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Enemies.json
data/Skills.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Skills.json
data/System.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/System.json
data/Troops.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Troops.json
data/Weapons.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Weapons.json
data/Armors.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NitroticGD/UpdateForProject/main/Armors.json
<End Of Version>
